Replace macros Bug and WebkitBug by regular MD links (#24834)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/quality_values/index.md

### Firefox

> Starting with Firefox 18, the quality factor values are clamped to 2 decimal places. They used to be clamped to only 1 decimal place in earlier versions ([Firefox bug 672448](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=672448)).

Reviewer: Could we use the shortlinks instead, i.e. `https://bugzil.la`?

```suggestion
Starting with Firefox 18, the quality factor values are clamped to 2 decimal places. They used to be clamped to only 1 decimal place in earlier versions ([Firefox bug 672448](https://bugzil.la/672448)).
```

Author: Why? This adds a redirection and an extra request:
![Capture d’écran 2023-02-24 à 11 25 41](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1466293/221155373-6ea2fca3-f251-4065-9eea-1afd799ca35f.png)

Reviewer: bugzil.la, webkit.org/b and crbug.com are shorter and thus, much easier to read (which helps contributors).  I don't know about MDN as a whole, but BCD has a policy in place to use shortlinks for bug links.  (Maybe someone can confirm if there is an MDN-wide policy for these cases.)

Author: There isn't but I have no problem using them. No reason to do differently.

Let me fix this
